>You're basically heading down the road I went down on my last truck. 81 F150 w/ 300 six. Engine was shot, so I picked up a 300 from a 79 F350 or something like that. It had a forged crank and forged rods. Supposedly a one year only thing. Went 30 over, rebuild everything. Steel timing gears, good rings, comp cams 260H, the whole deal. It came with that same offy intake, and a set of headers. 3-2 w/glasspacks. Picked up a holley 390 for it too. It was a baddass truck for sure. But the damn carb would ice up bad when it was cold out. (Michigan UP truck) I cut into the headers and ran pipes up to the little chamber right under the carb. The carb heater worked good, but had overheating issues with the carb in warm weather then. ended up ripping out the whole thing and putting 88 EFI intake on it, with clifford 3-2-1 headers for EFI. O2 sensor, the whole deal. It didn't like the stock computer and ran lean anyway, so I picked up 19lb mustang EFI injectors, made a custom adjustable fuel pressure regulator and tried about 3 different eec4-s. I worked at Ford powertrain at the time, and unfortunately the EEC4 stuff was on the way out and nobody had an R-CON or development ECMS sitting around anymore, so I couldn't tune the cam changes into a stock ecm. I ended up making an adapter harness for the EEC4 plug and put a DFI in it. Driveability was a lot better, but I never finished the cal. The truck rusted to oblivion and I gave the motor with about 5000 miles on it to a buddy and he gave me a 78 400M drivetrain in trade. I will say one thing though. With that DFI, 260h, headers and 19lb injectors, with a set of 33's, and 3.50 gears, it would ROAST the tires. That was the fastest 300 six F150 I ever rode in. The same torque they always had, and a top end that ran until about 4500-5000 instead of the normal 3500. Fun truck, but I moved on to turbo diesels and put the gas engines away. Enjoy the 300! It's a great bulletproof engine. About the lowest warranty cost engine Ford ever made.
>—https://www.fullsizebronco.com/threads/upgrading-a-300-carb-straight-six-pics.144707/page-3#post-2142984
